[ADD] VoIP: Support Agent Workflow (#12933)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/voip/support_calls.rst

=======================
Support calls with VoIP
=======================

.. |VOIP| replace:: :abbr:`VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol)`

A useful tool for support teams, Odoo |VOIP| is used as a way to get in contact with customers that
need some help. Using |VOIP| can help improve customer satisfaction, reduce support costs, and
allows support agents to navigate an Odoo database while on a call.

Instead of being tied to their desks, support agents can take calls from anywhere they have access
to Odoo :doc:`VoIP <../voip>`.

> 

Reviewer: Please move the seealso for the tutorial to the top of this doc. Also, it would be helpful to add a note/important admonition to state that the call queues feature is required in order to proceed– as it may be missed in the first sentence of the next section 
```suggestion

.. important::
   This feature requires at least one :doc:`call queue <axivox/call_queues>` to be configured.

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorial: Working as a Support Agent
   <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/working-as-a-support-agent-odoo-voip-4617>`_

```

- Hover over the :guilabel:`Phone` field in the ticket, then click :icon:`fa-phone`
  :guilabel:`Call`.
- In the ticket's chatter, click the customer's phone number.
- In the upper-right corner, click the :icon:`oi-voip` :guilabel:`(VoIP)` icon to open the |VOIP|
  widget. From the :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab, select the call, and finally click the
  :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)` icon near the bottom of the widget.

Work during a call
------------------

Once the call with the customer begins, the support agent can still move about the Odoo database.
Also, there are shortcut icons in the |VOIP| widget that the support agent can use to access common
actions, like sending an email to the customer, or pulling up their profile. Learn more about
:doc:`the documents a support agnet can access <voip_widget>` during a call.

The support agent can also take some actions during the call:

- :icon:`fa-arrows-h` :guilabel:`(transfer)`: Transfer a call to another team member.
- :icon:`fa-microphone` :guilabel:`(microphone)`: The support agent can mute themselves during a
  call.
- :icon:`fa-pause` :guilabel:`(pause)`: Place the caller on hold.

> .. image:: support_calls/voip-widget-call.png
>    :alt: The VoIP widget opened to a call, showing the shortcut icons a support agent has access to.

Reviewer: This image also seems unnecessary 
```suggestion
```

logged in the ticket's chatter.

If they have not done so already, the support agent then marks the phone call activity as done. To
do so, navigate to the ticket's chatter and find the :guilabel:`Planned Activities` section, then
click :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Mark Done` on the planned call to remove it from the
:guilabel:`Next Activities` tab in the |VOIP| widget.

Log out of a support queue
==========================

Once the agent's shift ends, or if they are taking a break, they can log out of the support call
queue.

Begin by clicking :icon:`oi-voip` :guilabel:`(VoIP)` in the top-right corner of the Odoo database.
From there, click :icon:`fa-keyboard-o` :guilabel:`(keyboard)`, then dial the *agent disconnection*
number and click :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`phone`.

Once the support agent calls their *agent disconnection code*, they'll hear a short message letting
them know they are logged out of the queue. From here, the agent will no longer receive support
calls until they log back in.

.. image:: support_calls/call-queue-logout.png
   :alt: The Odoo VoIP widget with an agent's logout code entered.

> .. seealso::
>    `Odoo Tutorial: Working as a Support Agent
>    <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/working-as-a-support-agent-odoo-voip-4617>`_

Reviewer: Move to top please
```suggestion
```

=======================
Support calls with VoIP
=======================

.. |VOIP| replace:: :abbr:`VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol)`

> A useful tool for support teams, Odoo |VOIP| is used as a way to get in contact with customers that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A useful tool for support teams, Odoo |VOIP| is used as a way to get in contact with customers who
```

need some help. Using |VOIP| can help improve customer satisfaction, reduce support costs, and

> allows support agents to navigate an Odoo database while on a call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
allow support agents to navigate an Odoo database while on a call.
```

Instead of being tied to their desks, support agents can take calls from anywhere they have access
to Odoo |VOIP|.

> This article goes over setting up Odoo |VOIP| for a support team that already has |VOIP| configured.

Reviewer 2: This seems a bit counterintuitive (you are going to explain how to set up VoIP but they have to have VoIP setup)

> If |VOIP| is **not** configured, refer to the :doc:`configure VoIP <../voip>` documentation
> to get started.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If |VOIP| is **not** configured, refer to the :doc:`configure VoIP <../voip>` documentation to get started.
```
Double check line length

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorial: Working as a Support Agent
   <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/working-as-a-support-agent-odoo-voip-4617>`_

Log into a support queue
========================

If :doc:`call queues <axivox/call_queues>` are set up, begin a support shift by logging into a call
queue.

Begin by clicking :icon:`oi-voip` :guilabel:`(VoIP)` in the top-right corner of the Odoo database.
From there, click :icon:`fa-keyboard-o` :guilabel:`(keyboard)`, then dial the *agent connection*
number and click :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)`.

.. image:: support_calls/call-queue-login.png
   :alt: The Odoo VoIP widget with an agent's login code entered.

Once the support agent calls their *agent connection code*, they'll hear a short message letting
them know they are logged into the queue. From here, the agent will receive support calls according
to the administrator's :doc:`call queue strategy <axivox/call_queues>`. When a support agent
receives a call, the Odoo |VOIP| widget will appear in the bottom-right corner of their screen with

> the caller's phone number, as well as their name if the number is tied to a customer profile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the caller's phone number and name if the number is tied to a customer profile.
```

.. note::

>    When support staff are added as *static agents* to a call queue, they will not need to log into

Reviewer 2: I think instead of "Lear more about static agents" you can just link directly in the first line

>    the queue to receive calls from that queue. Learn more about
>    :doc:`static agents <axivox/call_queues>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the queue to receive calls from that queue. Learn more about  :doc:`static
   agents <axivox/call_queues>`.
```
Double check line length

Call a customer from a support ticket
=====================================

As part of a support agent's daily tasks, they might be asked to call customers with open support
tickets. With Odoo |VOIP|, the support agent can stay in the Odoo database throughout the entire
workflow.

From the database's home page, click the **Helpdesk** app, click into a helpdesk, and then open a

> ticket. if the ticket does not already have a call activity scheduled, click :guilabel:`Activities`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ticket. If the ticket does not already have a call activity scheduled, click :guilabel:`Activities`
```

> in the ticket's chatter, then set the activity's :guilabel:`Activity Type` to :guilabel:`Call`, and
> then fill out the rest of the activity form, and finally click :guilabel:`Schedule`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the ticket's chatter, set the activity's :guilabel:`Activity Type` to :guilabel:`Call`, fill out the rest of the activity form, and finally click :guilabel:`Schedule`.
```

.. image:: support_calls/create-call-activity.png
   :alt: Scheduling a call activity for a support ticket.

From here, the agent has three ways to make a call:

- Hover over the :guilabel:`Phone` field in the ticket, then click :icon:`fa-phone`
  :guilabel:`Call`.
- In the ticket's chatter, click the customer's phone number.

> - In the upper-right corner, click the :icon:`oi-voip` :guilabel:`(VoIP)` icon to open the |VOIP|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Click the :icon:`oi-voip` :guilabel:`(VoIP)` icon to open the |VOIP|
```

  widget. From the :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab, select the call, and finally click the
  :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`(phone)` icon near the bottom of the widget.

Work during a call
------------------

> Once the call with the customer begins, the support agent can still move about the Odoo database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During the call with the customer, the support agent can still move about the Odoo database.
```

> Also, there are shortcut icons in the |VOIP| widget that the support agent can use to access common

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are shortcut icons in the |VOIP| widget that the support agent can use to access common
```

actions, like sending an email to the customer, or pulling up their profile. Learn more about
:doc:`the documents a support agnet can access <voip_widget>` during a call.

The support agent can also take some actions during the call:

- :icon:`fa-arrows-h` :guilabel:`(transfer)`: Transfer a call to another team member.
- :icon:`fa-microphone` :guilabel:`(microphone)`: The support agent can mute themselves during a
  call.
- :icon:`fa-pause` :guilabel:`(pause)`: Place the caller on hold.

> .. image:: support_calls/voip-widget-call.png

Reviewer 2: You are going to want to blur out this number in this image (even if it isn't yours)

Handle call follow-ups
----------------------

The |VOIP| widget can handle some common follow-up tasks, but support agents can still navigate Odoo
for tasks not available in the widget.

Here are some of the common follow-up tasks that can be managed from the |VOIP| widget:

- Send a follow-up email sharing troubleshooting steps with the customer using the
  :icon:`fa-envelope` :guilabel:`(envelope)` icon.
- Update the customer's mailing address by clicking on the :icon:`fa-user` :guilabel:`(user)` icon,
  which opens their profile.
- Schedule a second call with the customer by clicking the :icon:`fa-clock-o` :guilabel:`(clock)`
  icon, setting the :guilabel:`Activity Type` field to :guilabel:`Call`, and then filling out the
  rest of the form.

End the support call
--------------------

When it is time to end the call, the support agent clicks the red :icon:`fa-phone`
:guilabel:`(phone)` icon in the lower-right corner of the |VOIP| widget. When they do, the call is
logged in the ticket's chatter.

If they have not done so already, the support agent then marks the phone call activity as done. To

> do so, navigate to the ticket's chatter and find the :guilabel:`Planned Activities` section,
> then click :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Mark Done` on the planned call to remove it from the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
do so, navigate to the ticket's chatter and find the :guilabel:`Planned Activities` section, then click :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Mark Done` on the planned call to remove it from the
```
Double check line length
